---
layout: layouts/note.njk
title: 20170614-0916-typo3-8-chash
description: 404 cHash empty (TYPO3 8)
date: 2017-06-14
tags:
  - typo3
  - typo3v8
  - extbase
  - nocache
  - chash
---
## Issue: 404 cHash empty (TYPO3 8)

With [#78002](https://forge.typo3.org/issues/78002) the cHash is enforced for Extbase plugins if arguments are present. This however could break some functionality if it does not add a cHash argument but other arguments.

Some reasons why no cHash could be available:

1. An external web site wants to link to a page on a TYPO3 site providing various parameters for an extension
2. Using JavaScript to load content via ajax

The problem is that the external site / JavaScript could not create cHash. cHash creation is not trivial and involves using site–specific encryption key.

Setting `config.no_cache = 1` or `10 = USER_INT` does not help at all.

### Background

`@see:` [#78002](https://forge.typo3.org/issues/78002)

> TypoScriptFrontendController::reqCHash() is now called for Extbase frontend plugin actions just like they were usually called for the legacy AbstractPlugin.
>
> This throws a 404, if plugin arguments are present, but cHash is not which would also happen, if the plugin arguments were added to "cHashRequiredParameters" configuration.
>
> This provides a more reliable page caching behavior by default and with zero configuration for extension authors.
>
> With the feature switch "requireCHashArgumentForActionArguments" this behavior can be disabled, which could be useful, if all actions in a plugin are uncached or one wants to manually control the cHash behavior.

To disable cHash comparison add a file named **ext_typoscript_setup.txt** containing the following content:
`@see:` [Extbase TypoScript Setup](https://github.com/TYPO3/TYPO3.CMS/blob/master/typo3/sysext/extbase/ext_typoscript_setup.txt)

```bash
config.tx_extbase {
  ...

   features {
    # Should be on by default, but can be disabled if all action in the plugin are uncached
    requireCHashArgumentForActionArguments = 0
  }
}
```

Use this with care!
